Enterprise-ready platform
BeBanjo applications are hosted on a Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) on the Amazon Web Services (AWS) cloud computing platform. Some of the world's largest enterprises and most innovative start-ups trust AWS’ cloud offering, e.g., Netflix, Spotify, Twitch, Airbnb, and Slack. It provides unrivalled scale and sets the standards for cloud computing.

In addition to AWS, we use Google Cloud Platform to securely replicate data backups in multiple regions and to enable high-performance analytics using BigQuery.

High-performance multi-tier architecture
BeBanjo software has been developed for high performance and high availability, using a multi-tier architecture made of:

A load balancer tier that dynamically distributes requests to the application tier.
An application tier that handles all synchronous UI and API requests. It is based on last-generation Intel Xeon Platinum® processors, and is horizontally scalable, i.e., new servers can be added on demand in order to handle the performance requirements of additional customers.
A worker tier that handles all asynchronous work. Moving complex and long-running operations to the worker tier allows us to always provide a highly-responsive user experience.
A database tier replicated across multiple data centres and made of a principal node that persists data for all servers and several read-only replicas that enable, among other things, extensive reporting capabilities without impacting the user experience.
A search tier that provides fast and powerful searching capabilities to the application tier.
A utility tier with shared services used across all infrastructure: caching, monitoring, SFTP, etc.

Environments
Several distinct environments are provided to carry out testing activities before any software is released to production:

A Staging environment where we test the most recent developments and product features.
A Preproduction environment running the same code as Production, where clients can perform any kind of integration testing prior to releasing their integrations.
A Production environment. Where the real work happens!
Full redundancy
There is no Single Point Of Failure (SPOF) in the Production environment: all components (load balancers, application and worker servers, database and search servers) are set-up using a redundant N+1 configuration, ensuring that a failure in one component does not result in a failure of the solution.

Disaster Recovery
Following a catastrophic failure at the primary data centre in Ireland, the Production environment can resume operations from a secondary data centre in less than 24 hours. To test and further refine this Disaster Recovery process we run a complete internal simulation every year.

To avoid any data loss in such an event, the database is being continuously replicated to a secondary data centre in near real-time, and regular backups are stored encrypted on a different cloud provider and different regions.

Infrastructure-as-code
All our infrastructure configuration is managed with Chef, a Ruby-based configuration management engine, and with Terraform, a Go-based infrastructure-as-code software, and stored under source control with GitHub. Any change to the infrastructure configuration follows a strict development process and it gets peer-reviewed before being applied to Preproduction and Production.

A modern and robust software stack
Our technology stack favours open-source components, and includes the following:

Component
Ruby on Rails
MySQL
Elasticsearch
Memcached
Sidekiq
Redis
Vue.js, Stimulus and Turbo
Role
Web application framework
Database
Search tier
In-memory cache
Background processing for Ruby
In-memory database
JavaScript libraries to build rich user interfaces
We keep all software components regularly updated to ensure that all the latest security patches are applied.

A high bar for security
Exceptional physical security
Encryption
Infrastructure-level security
Application-level security
Data segregation
Internal security assessments
External security audits and penetration tests
Application monitoring and incident management
All applications and systems are monitored in real-time by several tools and services that allow us to react, debug and identify availability and performance problems promptly.

We keep a dedicated Support team that gets alerted 24/7 in case of an event of any kind, and we maintain an extensive set of processes and workflows to mitigate and communicate incidents in a short time.

Service levels
Performance and availability of BeBanjo applications are backed by a Service Level Agreement (SLA). The SLA defines measurable targets and reporting mechanisms, as well as service credits - not that you will receive those much!

BeBanjo Team
Want to know more?
Let's talk.
First name (*)
Last name (*)
Email (*)
Company

Job function
Message

This information will only be used to contact me with respect to this request. The MEDIAGENIX privacy policy shall apply. I can read the policy here. (*)

Keep me informed about your products and MEDIAGENIX events.